GanttReader
=================================

Gantt chart and GanttProjet chart display module for Joomla

PRESENTATION

	This repository allows you to download the GanttReader module for Joomla. 
	It displays a Gantt chart from a given file generated by the GanttProject free software or an equivalent XML formatted file.
	The module provides some information, like projects start date and length, color and following constraints. 
	Father projects are differenced of sub-projects. Each project can be identified by its name, but project notes are voluntarily kept hidden.
	A full-screen mode is available for an easier chart reading.

PREREQUISITS

	•	Joomla 3.x or later
	•	A valid GanttProject-formatted Gantt chart
	•	PHP's temp folder acces for Joomla if the chart comes from an external URL

INSTALLATION

	To install GanttReader, just download the ZIP archive from the button below, then install it with the Joomla installer via the extension management interface.
	After a successfull installation, configure the modules and publish it.

CONFIGURATION

	From the module configuration interface, set up the source chart location (a local path from the Joomla root or an external URL).
	You can adjust various elements colors set too, like inter-projects constraints, background color, text color, etc.
	At last, you can choose how many months the module will display on both sides of the current month.
	

CHANGELOG :
 
	   1.1.0
	   Project's progress status is from now on accurate within the percent
	 
	  Rendering methods were refactored in order to allow a dynamic client implementation
	 
	  Rendering methods are lighter
	 
	  Loading has been improved : bye bye +30-seconds loading time when tons of projects are loaded across 13 months
	 
	  Module now fits it's width according to the available space
	 
	  A legend were added with the aim of providing useful tools to the user
	 
	  The last diagrams's change date is given within the legend, it can be hidden in back-end
	 
	  Heavily long project's names are truncated, they fully appear when mouse-hovered.
	 
	 ------------------------------------------------------------------
	 
	  1.0.0 :
	   First release for SERANAD's facility, IGMM, CNRS
